Thank you for your interest in the Valhalla Mud Engine, VME version 1.0.
Alot of time and effort has been put in to make this the most comprehensive
mud server available on the net, yet currently the documentation is
under-construction.

Most of the documentation is available under the ./doc directory of this
installation.  All configuration files are located in the ./etc directory,
you are welcome to explore and change these files as you need.  Please take
a look at config.txt in the doc directory as well.

Getting Started

The VME comes standard to use the following ports: 4999, 4200, 4220.

Port 4200: This is used by the first multiplexer (mplex), this is the
program that people actually connect to.  This port has color enabled.

Port 4220: Another multiplexer without color support.

Port 4999: This port is where the multiplexers talk to the vme server and
vise/versa.

If you have any reason to change these ports you will need to make
modifications to the ./bin/startvme script on lines 28 and 29 you can change
the ports of the multiplexers.  You can also add additional multiplexer here
as well.

The mother port will need to be changed in the ./etc/server.cfg and in the
./bin/runmplex.sh line 28.  


BOOTING UP VME

Change directory to ./bin and type ./startvme.  You should get some messages
printed to your screen, and if all goes well you will now be able to telnet
to port 4200 or 4220 of your localhost.

The first character to login will become the ultimate wizard of level 255,
do not delete this character unless you have created another level 255 wizard
using advance in the game.  Be sure to save, and basicly the rest is up to
you.

This is a short introduction, to getting things setup, more comprehensive
documentation is under development, for configuration questions please feel
free to email whistler@blinksoft.com or tperry@blinksoft.com.  

REGISTERING

To register this program you will need to create a register.txt file and
email it to sales@blinksoft.com.  You will recive a key file that will need
to be placed into the ./lib directory named key.dat.

For more information please contact sales@valhalla.com or sales@blinksoft.com.

Thanks for your intrest.

